# UBB-SE-2026-RuntimeTerrors

**Application overview**
When registering, the user is asked if it represents a company or an individual. Therefore, we have two points of view: the company’s perspective and the individual’s perspective.
From the company’s perspective, the user has a series of features.
Firstly, the company is able to edit their profile information. Multiple validations are needed for this action. Besides basic profile details, the company can include a mini-game. The game consists of an interaction between the individual user and a virtual work colleague who is facing some challenges (stress, fatigue, anxiety, etc.). The user must offer advice by choosing between 3 different responses. This interaction allows the company to highlight its values regarding mental health, work-life balance and team support. This feature shall be customised by the company account, by inserting the challenge, the 3 pieces of advice and the 3 possible feedbacks, depending on the advice picked.
Furthermore, companies can see the account statistics on their profile in the “Statistics section” that will be on top of the page under their name. There, companies are able to see the completion level of their profile, represented through a progress bar. This indicates the percentage of completed profile fields, and each field contributes to the overall profile completion percentage. To assist the user, on the screen will be displayed the progress bar, and the remaining tasks required to reach 100%. In addition, the statistics section will provide a list of trending skills, extracted from the skills fields of all job posts on the platform. The system will choose the top 3 most requested skills and will display them ordered by popularity. Also, statistics regarding the amount of applicants received for job posts will be seen on the page, a short text on top of the section. The system compares the number of applicants from past months to the current month and calculates a percentage, representing the increase or decrease in applicants.
On top of this, companies shall be able to create a job post, which will later be used by the Matchmaking Department (UBB Frat Bros). The job has to pass a series of validation checks, and if they are successful, the job is saved. Later, the company user can edit or delete the job post. Jobs can also be scheduled to get posted whenever the user would like so, by checking a box (“Schedule post”) and selecting a date in a calendar. By doing so, the job post will be private, available only to the creator, and can be modified in the meantime. When the time comes, the job will get public to the other users. In a similar manner, companies can choose an “expiration date” for the job, meaning the job will get deleted from public view after the expiration date passes. This allows the creator to not include a deadline by hand. However, companies are required to add the skills needed for the job and a percentage, representing the minimum passing grade for the skill test created by the Testing Department (PowerPuff Girls). Moreover, when creating a job post, the user can choose to press a button “Pay to promote”, useful for those that would like to pay money, to promote their job post. This action will take them to a different page, requesting their card information and providing a button to confirm the payment. Additionally, this page will display a ranking board, showing the other companies that have decided to pay and their chosen sum. The promotion will be done corresponding to the ranking, so the purpose of this table is that the company will know the amount of money to pay, in order for their chosen amount of promotion. Later, if other companies exceed the sum paid by the user company, then the user must be notified of the changes from the ranking board, so they will get a notification in the “Notification” tab and will be able to increase their payment. Company accounts will also have access to a page containing all the current jobs (public and private), being able to edit them, and another page consisting of all the past jobs, whose deadline has expired. For the past jobs, the creator can see a list of all the applicants. This list will contain the applicant’s unique id, their grades from the 4 steps of the appliance process: the skill tests (from the Testing Department - PowerPuff Girls), a CV screening (a quick CV scan to ensure the candidate is fit for the job), the company technical test (from the Testing Department - PowerPuff Girls) and the interview grade. If the applicant has not reached a specific stage yet, their grade will be NULL. A status will also be displayed, representing the state of the candidate: “rejected”, if the applicant has received a grade less than the minimum accepted, “accepted”, if the applicant has passed all tests and the job still has open positions, “on hold”, if the process is not yet completed, and “recommend”, if the applicant has received passing grades, but company has no positions left, therefore the company has the  choice to recommend the candidate to another company, which must be a collaborator of the user company. If the company decides to recommend the applicant, they will send them an email regarding the recommendation, and also send an email to the collaborator company. If the candidate has been rejected/accepted, they will also be informed via email. When viewing past jobs, the company account can edit the job’s information and choose to repost it.
Also, companies can create events. They can add collaborators to the events, by sending them invitations. The invited companies can check the “Notifications” tab to find the invitations. There they can choose to accept or reject them. If they do, however, decide to accept, the 2 companies will become “collaborators”. The company has access to a list of all its past events, its current events, and its collaborators.
As I’ve mentioned above, the company has a “Notifications” tab, where they can see invitations, or messages from the application, mentioning the changes in payment ranking.
From the individual’s perspective, the user can view a company’s profile by clicking on their profile photo or name, on the app’s home page. This will take them to a separate page containing the company’s information and a list of the company’s open positions. The users can also play the mini-game, if the company has added one.
